Yuyang, didn't you want to sleep with me before?
Now I can let you sleep I don't deserve it
Yuyang, why are you hitting me?
Didn't you love me very much before?
Ah, I see.
You must still be mad at me, right?
Then you hit me
You... you still want me?
You can treat me any way you want.
Go away
Really cheap
Young Master, what's going on?
This guy is too cheap in his bones
I suggest you fire him
It's the young master, I'll expel him from the Kyushu Group now
No, no, Li Yang, you can't do this to me!
Shut up, you can't question the words of the young master
deserve it
Hahahaha
Mengzhu, I'm here to pick you up
Little brat
I told you.
If you dare to come to the lady again, I will widow you